INDIVIDUAL REFLECTION 
Week 9
Erik Berg

* What do I want to learn or understand better?
I have learned a lot this week about how to write a secure login page and about 
how computer and especially login security works. There were a lot of problems 
that me and Jakob had to deal with since neither of us was quite sure about
how to write the login. As this is the last sprint that we did as a team, what 
I would like to take with me for the future is the experiences we have had here 
in this team and also how to work with others during the pandemic when we haven't
been able to meet eachother. 

I also would like to learn a bit about how we actually are going to integrate this
system to our customer since they are so happy with our work so far that we probably
will have to actually deploy it, and that's something we as a team haven't looked at yet
and therefore it would be nice if I could learn something about that. 

* How can I help someone else, or the entire team, to learn something new?
Now after this week when we've written the login page, we need to teach our
team members how it works so that everyone understands how we now need to change
our  fetch requests. 


* What is my contribution towards the team's use of Scrum?
This week I came with a proposal that we should do a meeting in the middle of the week 
to check up and see that everyone had gotten somewhere during the sprint. However, I was 
unavailable during that meeting so I didn't get to be there, but it seems like it was a good
idea and something we should keep doing in the future. 

Otherwise this week has been mostly doing tasks, and creating user stories. For the future we 
probably have to look at how we are going to write our design stories. 

I would also like that in the future we can let the customer test the product which will help 
us in understanding the exact needs and what we might have done wrong so far. 

* What is my contribution towards the team's deliveries?
This week me and Jakob has written the login page, and also a page for if one forgets their password. 
It has been a fun experience. For the next part we need to complete the "forgot password" page, and also
create a page for adding more users to the site. 





