Apparently my individual reflection for week 8 disappeared in some git commit
so i will redo this reflection now even though it is a week late. 

//Erik Berg 2021-05-23

INDIVIDUAL REFLECTION
Week 8
Erik Berg

* What do I want to learn or understand better?
This week was a very short week since we only had three days to complete it. 
In that timespan I wouldn't say that I learned much more than I already know,
apart from getting even more comfortable with our codebase and the project. 

I would like next week to contain new things for me, and I would like to learn
something new. If that is CSS or how to do login or something like that, I don't
know, but this week was pretty bad on the learning more side of things. 

* How can I help someone else, or the entire team, to learn something new?
I still believe my strong suit is the programming and not the design and layout. 
I should probably learn more about layout and design and not focus so much on the 
programming since it seems like the entire team is learning a lot when it comes
to programming. 

* What is my contribution towards the team's use of Scrum?
This week my contribution has been mostly with regards to user stories and task writing. 
I also believe that that will be the main goal also next week, however I would like to 
try something new which is a meeting in the middle of the week just to check up on 
everyone and see that the project is flowing along. I believe this will lead to 
everyone understanding the code better and feeling more connected in our tasks, since
there was a bit of disconnect this week with how we we were coding everything. 


* What is my contribution towards the team's deliveries?
This week I did a page on the mottagningsbesok. We did the edit page which gathers information and
lets the users change it. Next week I would like to learn something new whilst working 
with the deliveries, so hopefully I can work on the login because as of yet I don't know
anything about login and it seems like a fun challenge next week. 