INDIVIDUAL REFLECTION 
Week 7
Erik Berg

* What do I want to learn or understand better?
This week I feel that I've gotten a much better grasp on CSS and especially the grid
CSS property. I still feel like I've got things to learn about CSS, but one thing
we also did this week was to refactor everything and to use css modules which is 
a thing in react. Next week I still want to learn more CSS because for every new thing
I learn, there's like 10 more things I could learn. 


* How can I help someone else, or the entire team, to learn something new?
This week I haven't actually been that helpful to the entire team, and I feel
like Anton is on about the same level as me when it comes to CSS so I haven't gotten 
any opportunity to share my knowledge. In the future I still believe that programming 
is where I've got most probability of being helpul, and if we do more direct coding
work then I probably can help more. 


* What is my contribution towards the team's use of Scrum?
This week my contribution has been much the same as previous weeks, I've done user stories
and tasks and taken an active part in our meetings both as team and in the customer meetings. 
For the next week I want to make sure that we continue to work as our customer/PO requests, 
and also I would like to fix some of the issues that was raised during the last meeting with our
PO. 


* What is my contribution towards the team's deliveries?
This week has had much focus on design. I've been writing a lot of 
css and together with Anton we created two proposals for the design 
of the navigation sites of hembesok and digitala vårdmöten. We've also
fixed a bug in how the hembesok/digitala vårdmöten was displayed. 

Next week will be a bit shorter since it's a holiday from thursday. Therefore
we've decided that we will do a bit less work next week, just fixing the feedback
from the customer and doing the last of the triple sites that look similiar. 

My ambition is to work on the last page, but we will be deciding this together on monday so 
I don't quite yet know what to work on next week. 