Individual Reflection Anton week 8 

What do I want to learn or understand better?

    Next week is our final sprint and we will focus on just functioanlity. I'm not sure yet which features I will 
    be working on next week but I want to understand how to set up a login-page and a home-page for our application.
    Both these features will have a significant effect on the final product. They must be secure and comprehensable. 
    Also, both of them have a strong connection with all other parts of our application. Therefor I will take a look at
    all of our previous code and components to refresh my mind and make sure I understand everyhing. 
    
How can I help someone else, or the entire team, to learn something new?

    When we're coding I always try to explain what I'm doing or why some code is needed to help my teammates understand more.
    I also ask questions when someone else is programming or I review their code to give them an oppurtunity to explain it.
    Explaining helps improve knowledge for both parties (the speaker and the listener) which is great and it is easier to
    find gaps in one's knowledge.
        
What is my contribution towards the team's use of scrum?
	
    I've contributed by participating on all team meetings and created user stories + tasks for the sprint. I helped asking the PO questions
    regarding features in order to create user stories for next week and prioritize them. In unison with our supervisor, Adelric, we choose
    to prioritize functioanlity over design during this weeks sprint, even though our PO didn't emphasis it. The reason was to be able to 
    provide a product that at least has most of the functionality in place. 

    During this weeks PO-meeting they changed their mind regarding a feature which meant it was divided into two separate features insteed.
    This will amp up the workload a bit but we will send them a mock-up of these two features. Hopefully we'll then be able to do it as they 
    want it right from the start and avoid having to rewrite code.  
    
What is my contribution towards the team's deliveries?
	
    This week me, Nima and Mohammad worked on addMottagningsbesok. I both coded and helped the other when we developed the view and all the
    backend code. It was a short sprint (due to Kristihimmelfärd) but it when quite fast. We could probably have done more but this week
    we had the final deadline of our Bachlour Thesis which we had to prioritize. 

    Next week is our final sprint and we will try to add two new features along side a login-page and home-page. It migh be 
    challenging but also fun to try.  
    