Individual Reflection Anton week 5 

What do I want to learn or understand better?

    I feel like a have a much broader understanding regarding the coding related parts this week compared the prior sprint. 
    I want to improve my ability to handle error messages and other hinders that occurs during the sprints
    as well as understand why they occur. In other words I want to improve my debugging skills.

    My ambition is to get a better understanding of how all parts of the project connect and how to make it userfriendly. 
    In order to create the most value for our stakeholders we should be able to remove all ambigiousness.

How can I help someone else, or the entire team, to learn something new?

    I can try to help out when something isn't working as it should.
    I try to explain what the code I have, or someone else has written does to make them and myself more knowledgable on the subject.
    I make sure to be active when we're programming in pairs to contribute and understand as much as possible.
	
What is my contribution towards the team's use of scrum?
	
    I have been a part in the discussions regarding our use of scrum and helped to ensure that we work more agile that the previous sprint. 
    It's easy to forget the workflow sometimes when you're coding since it's a new way of thinking and working to all of us but I and my 
    teammates try to remind each other to have it 
    close in mind. But I'm confident that we'll continue to improve!
 	
What is my contribution towards the team's deliveries?
	
    This week I've worked in the group that focused on making sure it's possible to edit "hembesök". I have coded a lot and 
    feel that my understanding of the programming languages we use is multiple times better than last week which is nice. 
    We managed to fulfill the tasks that we were responsible for during the sprint. 
    Setting up better definitions of each task was helpful as well as asking other members of the team for help besides the ones I coded with.
