Individual Reflection Anton week 9 

What do I want to learn or understand better?

	This week was our final sprint. We will do our presentation on Monday and then start working on our final reflection.
	I want to take a step back and make sure I understand all parts of our application. I will reflect upon the course and would also like to learn more tools
	that I can use to work more agile and improve my own, and the whole team's, use of scrum in the future. 
	
	This has been a fun course and I've learned a lot codewise and about using agile practices. 
	
    
How can I help someone else, or the entire team, to learn something new?

    These last 2 weeks I can help my teammates by discussing how things have been, what we've done, ways to improve and what we've learned. 
	We will reflect together in order to get everyone's opinion and make sure we are on the same page or discuss why we see things differently. 
        
What is my contribution towards the team's use of scrum?
	
    I've contributed by participating in all team meetings and created user stories + tasks for the sprint. I have been open to new ideas on 
	how to improve our use of scrum and I've given suggestions on how to work more agile. One thing we tried this week was a meeting in the middle of
	the sprint where everyone could inform the others how things were going so far and if a coding-pair needed any help from the others. 
	It was a short but effective meeting which made a difference in my opinion. 
  
What is my contribution towards the team's deliveries?
	
    This week me and Jakob H worked on addUndersokning, navUndersokning and the startpage. We were efficient and finished all our tasks and user stories by the end of the sprint.
	I feel that I've improved a lot during these last 2 months when it comes to coding in HTML and Javascript. It's fun to see how much more knowledge I've obtained and I've 
	enjoyed coding together with new people from the IT-department. It's been a good collaboration and I'm proud of what we've developed. 

	Our customer has asked us to finish the product so that they can implement it in their work (hospital). Therefor most of us will probably continue with the last features 
	during the beginning of the summer and make sure it's ready to launch so that we've created maximum value for our customer.  
