Individual Reflection Anton week 4 

What do I want to learn or understand better?

	I want to improve my ability to define user stories and relevant tasks that can bring more structure to our workflow and ease the development of our product.
	I haven't programmed in JavaScript or HTML before but I'm understanding some of the basics and I want to gain the knowledge that I'll need in order to deliver.
	This first week of actual coding and working agile has been fun and I see a lot of benefits that can be utilized when working in an agile way.   

How can I help someone else, or the entire team, to learn something new?

	I want to make sure that my teammates feel comfortable to ask for help and I'll share links to videos or websites if I find something that could be useful for everyone.
	I will attend and be active on all meetings and sessions when we're programming to contribute to the team. 
	I also want to get to know my teammates better because it boosts everyone's motivation to work together and makes the whole project more fun.
	
What is my contribution towards the team's use of scrum?
	
	I have discussed our use of scrum and how we can improve our agile workstyle with the rest of the team and made suggestions on how to move forward. 
	We have shown our current work to the Stakeholder and gotten feedback on possible changes that could be made to match their expectations. We had a meeting at the end of the sprint where we reflected 
	upon the first sprint and what we can take with us when we're entering the second one. There are several things that can be improved and I look forward to seeing how our 
	way of working will have improved at the end of the project in relation to how we use scrum now. 
 	
What is my contribution towards the team's deliveries?
	
	At the beginning of the sprint we split up into three groups to develop different parts of the website. I have been a part of the group which focused on hembesök.
	We set up a database that stores the information, a form to add new information and displayed all the forms in a separate view. 
	I have sat behind the keyboard and coded while sharing my screen as well as participated on the other side as an active viewer. 
	I have also participated on all meetings with the whole team and been part of discussions and decisions. 
    Jakob R has been really helpful and shared his knwoledge with the rest of the team. He explained the parts that I didn't understand at first 
    which has truly eased my learning of the (to me) new programming languages. 
