Individual Reflection Anton week 7 

What do I want to learn or understand better?

    This week we focused on layout and added one new feature. I've focused on layout and mostly coded in css.
    I feel that I have a better understanding of how css grid works and how to use the html divs to divide and 
    (conquer) structure the layout. There is a lot to learn regarding css and I want to get more knowledge and 
    learn more.

How can I help someone else, or the entire team, to learn something new?

    This week, all pairs have worked more isolated which resulted in less dialog and less opportunity to help each other.
    Since css is new to most members in our group, it's difficult to help others as well as get help sometimes. But we're 
    all doing our best and with more practice in combination with better communication within the team, I'm certain that
    we'll cooperate more and eventually code in css the same way we do when we're using javascript or html.
    
What is my contribution towards the team's use of scrum?
	
    I've contributed by participating on the team meetings and created user stories + tasks for the sprint. I follow the tasks when coding
    and use the scrum board daily. I try to have the agile strategy in the back of my mind throughout the project and think about 
    ways for us as a team to improve. But sometimes I slip and forget about it when I work. 

    We tested a new way of dividing the group into four smaller groups (instead of three) where one member worked alone. 
    After only one sprint we decided that it's not the right way to work for us. It might be more productive from one 
    standpoint but the member that coded on his own had less possibilities to discuss with the rest of us and felt more alone which
    makes the decision to discard it easy and go back to three groups.  
 	
What is my contribution towards the team's deliveries?
	
    I've mostly worked on the layout for all the navigation sites this week together with Erik. We finished our user story 
    and all the tasks with some time to spare as we predicted. We used the time to fix some of the bugs from the previous sprint as planned. 
    Overall this week was slower compared to the other sprints since I find it difficult to feel the same satisfaction when coding 
    in css compared with the other languages. I believe it's because I'm not adding functionality in the same way. Although I
    understand the value of layout and design, it ain't my cup of tea. But I'm still improving and things might change. 
